---
author: theuncommon
date: '2011-07-21 12:19:06'
layout: page
slug: about
status: publish
title: About
wordpress_id: '2'
---

Welcome to SoutHACKton, the Southampton Hackerspace project. We are a
community of makers, tinkerers and artists. Our aim is to share skills
and tools to allow anyone to create something amazing, regardless of
experience. We want to start a Hackerspace in Southampton, where people
can come to work on their various projects and can get the resources
they need and can share knowledge and ideas. If you always wanted to
make something but don't know how then our members will be more than
happy to help you. We’re have regular meetings of people who enjoy
creating or modifying software and/or hardware and want to meet other
like-minded people. Experience is unnecessary - interest is all we
require! Topics that we’re already interested in include: home
automation/augmentation, robotics, circuit bends, programming, computer
interfaces, wiimote hacking, Arduino, gadgets, mobile computing, PVR
creation/improvement, programming, augmented reality, … so if you’re
interested in any of these topics, or have another interest you want to
share, why not join us? We are currently holding two meetings a month at
the Arthouse Cafe in Southampton on the 1st Wednesday and 3rd Tuesay of
the month:
[http://www.thearthousesouthampton.co.uk/](http://www.thearthousesouthampton.co.uk/)
[View Larger
Map](http://maps.google.co.uk/maps?f=q&source=embed&hl=en&geocode=&q=the+arthouse+cafe,+southampton&aq=&sll=50.907644,-1.404238&sspn=0.003126,0.008256&ie=UTF8&hq=the+arthouse+cafe,&hnear=Southampton,+United+Kingdom&ll=50.909046,-1.404459&spn=0.012502,0.033023&t=h&z=14&iwloc=A&cid=3323037071216817675)
For more information on hackspaces have a look at the Hackspace
Foundation site at: [http://hackspace.org.uk/](http://hackspace.org.uk/)
To join in the community please head over to the Google Group at:
[http://groups.google.com/group/southackton](http://groups.google.com/group/southackton)
Event Calendar:
